[connect-tcp] Move capsule negotiation into the Upgrade Token (#2926)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-connect-tcp.md

Clients SHOULD assume that all proxy resources generated by a single template share a protection space (i.e., a realm) ({{?RFC9110, Section 11.5}}).  For many authentication schemes, this will allow the client to avoid waiting for a "401 (Unauthorized)" response before each new connection through the proxy.

## Use of the Capsule Protocol {#capsule-protocol}

When using the "connect-tcp" Upgrade Token, templated TCP proxies do not use the Capsule Protocol {{!RFC9297}}.  Clients MAY request use of the Capsule Protocol by offering the Upgrade Token "connect-tcp-capsule" instead.  When offering or accepting the "connect-tcp-capsule" Upgrade Token, clients and servers SHOULD including a "Capsule-Protocol: ?1" header to facilitate processing by intermediaries.

> Clients of this specification MAY implement "connect-tcp", "connect-tcp-capsule", or both.  Accordingly, templated TCP proxy servers for arbitrary clients MUST implement both Upgrade Tokens.

Reviewer: I don't see why servers MUST implement both. One solution could be to use SHOULD instead (see below). Another option would be to add a sentence saying that servers that only expect one kind of client MAY only implement one of these Upgrade Tokens.
```suggestion
Clients of this specification MAY implement "connect-tcp", "connect-tcp-capsule", or both.  Accordingly, templated TCP proxy servers for arbitrary clients SHOULD implement both Upgrade Tokens to improve compatibility.
```

Author: OK, I've rephrased this to highlight an exemption for restricted deployments.
